# DocuSign.Rooms - the C# library for the DocuSign Rooms API - v2

An API for an integrator to access the features of DocuSign Rooms

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v2
- SDK version: 1.0.0-alpha
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen
    For more information, please visit [https://developers.docusign.com](https://developers.docusign.com)

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- [RestSharpSigned](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharpSigned) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 8.0.3 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommned using [NuGet] (https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using DocuSign.Rooms.Api;
using DocuSign.Rooms.Client;
using DocuSign.Rooms.Model;
```

<a name="packaging"></a>
## Packaging

A `.nuspec` is included with the project. You can follow the Nuget quickstart to [create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#create-the-package) and [publish](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package#publish-the-package) packages.

This `.nuspec` uses placeholders from the `.csproj`, so build the `.csproj` directly:

```
nuget pack -Build -OutputDirectory out DocuSign.Rooms.csproj
```

Then, publish to a [local feed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/local-feeds) or [other host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/hosting-packages/overview) and consume the new package via Nuget as usual.

<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using DocuSign.Rooms.Api;
using DocuSign.Rooms.Client;
using DocuSign.Rooms.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {
            
            // Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: docusignAccessCode
            Configuration.Default.AccessToken = "YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN";

            var apiInstance = new AccountsApi();
            var accountId = accountId_example;  // string | 

            try
            {
                // Get information about the account.
                AccountSummary result = apiInstance.GetAccountInformation(accountId);
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling AccountsApi.GetAccountInformation: " + e.Message );
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://rooms.docusign.com/restapi*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountsApi* | [**GetAccountInformation**](docs/AccountsApi.md#getaccountinformation) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId} | Get information about the account.
*ActivityTypesApi* | [**GetActivityTypes**](docs/ActivityTypesApi.md#getactivitytypes) | **GET** /v2/activity_types | Retrieves the list of valid activity types.
*ClosingStatusesApi* | [**GetClosingStatuses**](docs/ClosingStatusesApi.md#getclosingstatuses) | **GET** /v2/closing_statuses | Retrieves the list of valid closing statuses.
*ContactSidesApi* | [**GetContactSides**](docs/ContactSidesApi.md#getcontactsides) | **GET** /v2/contact_sides | Retrieves the list of valid contact sides.
*CountriesApi* | [**GetCountries**](docs/CountriesApi.md#getcountries) | **GET** /v2/countries | Retrieves the list of valid countries.
*CurrenciesApi* | [**GetCurrencies**](docs/CurrenciesApi.md#getcurrencies) | **GET** /v2/currencies | Retrieves the list of valid currencies.
*DocumentsApi* | [**CreateDocumentUser**](docs/DocumentsApi.md#createdocumentuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/documents/{documentId}/users | Grants access to a document for a user.
*DocumentsApi* | [**DeleteDocument**](docs/DocumentsApi.md#deletedocument) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/documents/{documentId} | Deletes a document.
*DocumentsApi* | [**GetDocument**](docs/DocumentsApi.md#getdocument) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/documents/{documentId} | Get information about the Document with the given DocumentId.
*ESignPermissionProfilesApi* | [**GetESignPermissionProfiles**](docs/ESignPermissionProfilesApi.md#getesignpermissionprofiles) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/esign_permission_profiles | Gets permission profiles from the associated eSign account.
*ExternalFormFillSessionsApi* | [**CreateExternalFormFillSession**](docs/ExternalFormFillSessionsApi.md#createexternalformfillsession) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/external_form_fill_sessions | Creates an external form fill session.
*FieldsApi* | [**GetFieldSet**](docs/FieldsApi.md#getfieldset) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/field_sets/{fieldSetId} | Get details of a specific field set.
*FinancingTypesApi* | [**GetFinancingTypes**](docs/FinancingTypesApi.md#getfinancingtypes) | **GET** /v2/financing_types | Retrieves the list of valid financing types.
*FormDetailsApi* | [**GetFormDetails**](docs/FormDetailsApi.md#getformdetails) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/forms/{formId}/details | Gets form based on Id.
*FormGroupsApi* | [**GetFormGroups**](docs/FormGroupsApi.md#getformgroups) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/form_groups | Get account Form Groups.
*FormLibrariesApi* | [**GetFormLibraries**](docs/FormLibrariesApi.md#getformlibraries) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/form_libraries | Gets a paged list of forms libraries.
*FormLibrariesApi* | [**GetFormLibraryForms**](docs/FormLibrariesApi.md#getformlibraryforms) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/form_libraries/{formLibraryId}/forms | Gets a paged list of forms in a forms library.
*OfficesApi* | [**CreateOffice**](docs/OfficesApi.md#createoffice) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/offices | Create an office.
*OfficesApi* | [**DeleteOffice**](docs/OfficesApi.md#deleteoffice) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/offices/{officeId} | Delete an office.
*OfficesApi* | [**GetOffice**](docs/OfficesApi.md#getoffice) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/offices/{officeId} | Get information about the office with the given officeId.
*OfficesApi* | [**GetOffices**](docs/OfficesApi.md#getoffices) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/offices | Get all offices.
*OfficesApi* | [**GetReferenceCounts**](docs/OfficesApi.md#getreferencecounts) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/offices/{officeId}/reference_counts | Lists the number of objects of each type that reference the office.
*OriginsOfLeadsApi* | [**GetOriginsOfLeads**](docs/OriginsOfLeadsApi.md#getoriginsofleads) | **GET** /v2/origins_of_leads | Retrieves the list of valid origins of leads.
*PropertyTypesApi* | [**GetPropertyTypes**](docs/PropertyTypesApi.md#getpropertytypes) | **GET** /v2/property_types | Retrieves the list of valid property types.
*RegionsApi* | [**CreateRegion**](docs/RegionsApi.md#createregion) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/regions | Creates a new region for a company
*RegionsApi* | [**DeleteRegion**](docs/RegionsApi.md#deleteregion) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/regions/{regionId} | Delete a region.
*RegionsApi* | [**GetRegion**](docs/RegionsApi.md#getregion) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/regions/{regionId} | Get information about the region with the given regionId
*RegionsApi* | [**GetRegionReferenceCounts**](docs/RegionsApi.md#getregionreferencecounts) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/regions/{regionId}/reference_counts | Get region reference counts.
*RegionsApi* | [**GetRegions**](docs/RegionsApi.md#getregions) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/regions | Get account regions.
*RolesApi* | [**CreateRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#createrole) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/roles | Creates a role.
*RolesApi* | [**DeleteRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#deleterole) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/roles/{roleId} | Deletes the role with the given roleId.
*RolesApi* | [**GetRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#getrole) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/roles/{roleId} | Get information about the role with the given roleId.
*RolesApi* | [**GetRoles**](docs/RolesApi.md#getroles) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/roles | Gets a paged-list of roles in your company
*RolesApi* | [**UpdateRole**](docs/RolesApi.md#updaterole) | **PUT** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/roles/{roleId} | Updates the role with the given roleId.
*RoomContactTypesApi* | [**GetRoomContactTypes**](docs/RoomContactTypesApi.md#getroomcontacttypes) | **GET** /v2/room_contact_types | Retrieves the list of valid room contact types.
*RoomFoldersApi* | [**GetRoomFolders**](docs/RoomFoldersApi.md#getroomfolders) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/room_folders | Gets room folders accessible to the calling user.
*RoomTemplatesApi* | [**GetRoomTemplates**](docs/RoomTemplatesApi.md#getroomtemplates) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/room_templates | Returns all room templates that the active user has access to
*RoomsApi* | [**AddDocumentToRoom**](docs/RoomsApi.md#adddocumenttoroom) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/documents | Add a document to a room.
*RoomsApi* | [**AddDocumentToRoomViaFileUpload**](docs/RoomsApi.md#adddocumenttoroomviafileupload) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/documents/contents | Add a document to a room via file contents upload.
*RoomsApi* | [**AddFormToRoom**](docs/RoomsApi.md#addformtoroom) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/forms | Adds a DocuSign Form to a room
*RoomsApi* | [**CreateRoom**](docs/RoomsApi.md#createroom) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms | Creates a new Room
*RoomsApi* | [**DeleteRoom**](docs/RoomsApi.md#deleteroom) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId} | Deletes the room having the given room ID.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetAssignableRoles**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getassignableroles) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/assignable_roles | Returns the roles for which the calling user, based on their role within the room, can assign to invitees.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetDocuments**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getdocuments) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/documents | Get documents in the room accessible to the calling user.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetRoom**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getroom) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId} | Gets information about the given room.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetRoomFieldData**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getroomfielddata) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/field_data | Returns the FieldData associated with the provided roomId.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetRoomFieldSet**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getroomfieldset) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/field_set | Gets the field set associated with the room.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetRoomUsers**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getroomusers) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/users | Retrieves the list of users in the given room.
*RoomsApi* | [**GetRooms**](docs/RoomsApi.md#getrooms) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms | Gets rooms available to the calling user.
*RoomsApi* | [**InviteUser**](docs/RoomsApi.md#inviteuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/users | Invites a user to the room by email address.
*RoomsApi* | [**PutRoomUser**](docs/RoomsApi.md#putroomuser) | **PUT** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/users/{userId} | Updates the specified user's role and transaction side.
*RoomsApi* | [**RestoreRoomUserAccess**](docs/RoomsApi.md#restoreroomuseraccess) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/users/{userId}/restore_access | Restores the specified user's access to the room.
*RoomsApi* | [**RevokeRoomUserAccess**](docs/RoomsApi.md#revokeroomuseraccess) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/users/{userId}/revoke_access | Revokes the specified user's access to the room.
*RoomsApi* | [**UpdatePicture**](docs/RoomsApi.md#updatepicture) | **PUT** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/picture | Update the picture for a room.
*RoomsApi* | [**UpdateRoomFieldData**](docs/RoomsApi.md#updateroomfielddata) | **PUT** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/field_data | Updates room field data.
*SellerDecisionTypesApi* | [**GetSellerDecisionTypes**](docs/SellerDecisionTypesApi.md#getsellerdecisiontypes) | **GET** /v2/seller_decision_types | Retrieves the list of valid seller decision types.
*SpecialCircumstanceTypesApi* | [**GetSpecialCircumstanceTypes**](docs/SpecialCircumstanceTypesApi.md#getspecialcircumstancetypes) | **GET** /v2/special_circumstance_types | Retrieves the list of valid special circumstance types.
*StatesApi* | [**GetStates**](docs/StatesApi.md#getstates) | **GET** /v2/states | Retrieves the list of valid states.
*TaskDateTypesApi* | [**GetTaskDateTypes**](docs/TaskDateTypesApi.md#gettaskdatetypes) | **GET** /v2/task_date_types | Retrieves the list of valid task date types.
*TaskListTemplatesApi* | [**GetTaskListTemplates**](docs/TaskListTemplatesApi.md#gettasklisttemplates) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/task_list_templates | Returns all task list templates for the company of the active user.
*TaskListsApi* | [**CreateTaskList**](docs/TaskListsApi.md#createtasklist) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/task_lists | Add a task list to a room based on a task list template.
*TaskListsApi* | [**DeleteTaskList**](docs/TaskListsApi.md#deletetasklist) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/task_lists/{taskListId} | Deletes a task list. If there are attached documents they will remain in the associated room.
*TaskListsApi* | [**GetTaskLists**](docs/TaskListsApi.md#gettasklists) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/rooms/{roomId}/task_lists | Returns the summary for all viewable task lists in a room.
*TaskResponsibilityTypesApi* | [**GetTaskResponsibilityTypes**](docs/TaskResponsibilityTypesApi.md#gettaskresponsibilitytypes) | **GET** /v2/task_responsibility_types | Retrieves the list of valid task responsibility types.
*TaskStatusesApi* | [**GetTaskStatuses**](docs/TaskStatusesApi.md#gettaskstatuses) | **GET** /v2/task_statuses | Retrieves the list of valid task statuses.
*TimeZonesApi* | [**GetTimeZones**](docs/TimeZonesApi.md#gettimezones) | **GET** /v2/time_zones | Retrieves the list of valid time zones.
*TransactionSidesApi* | [**GetTransactionSides**](docs/TransactionSidesApi.md#gettransactionsides) | **GET** /v2/transaction_sides | Retrieves the list of valid transaction sides.
*UsersApi* | [**AddUserToOffice**](docs/UsersApi.md#addusertooffice) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/add_to_office | Adds the user to the designated office.
*UsersApi* | [**AddUserToRegion**](docs/UsersApi.md#addusertoregion) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/add_to_region | Adds the user to the designated region.
*UsersApi* | [**GetUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getuser) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId} | Retrieves user information for the user having the given UserId.
*UsersApi* | [**GetUsers**](docs/UsersApi.md#getusers) | **GET** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users | Gets a paged-list of users.
*UsersApi* | [**InviteClassicAdmin**](docs/UsersApi.md#inviteclassicadmin) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/invite_classic_admin | CLASSIC COMPANY ONLY. Send an invitation to join the company as an admin.
*UsersApi* | [**InviteClassicAgent**](docs/UsersApi.md#inviteclassicagent) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/invite_classic_agent | CLASSIC COMPANY ONLY. Send an invitation to join the company as an agent.
*UsersApi* | [**InviteClassicManager**](docs/UsersApi.md#inviteclassicmanager) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/invite_classic_manager | CLASSIC COMPANY ONLY. Send an invitation to join the company as a manager.
*UsersApi* | [**InviteUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#inviteuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/invite_user | NON-CLASSIC COMPANY ONLY. Send an invitation to the user or non-user having the given email.
*UsersApi* | [**LockUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#lockuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/lock | Locks the account of the user.
*UsersApi* | [**ReinviteUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#reinviteuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/reinvite | Reinvites the pending user with the given userId.
*UsersApi* | [**RemoveUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#removeuser) | **DELETE** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId} | Removes a user from the company.
*UsersApi* | [**RemoveUserFromOffice**](docs/UsersApi.md#removeuserfromoffice) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/remove_from_office | Removes the user from the designated office.
*UsersApi* | [**RemoveUserFromRegion**](docs/UsersApi.md#removeuserfromregion) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/remove_from_region | Removes the user from the designated region.
*UsersApi* | [**UnlockUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#unlockuser) | **POST** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId}/unlock | Unlocks the account of the user.
*UsersApi* | [**UpdateUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#updateuser) | **PUT** /v2/accounts/{accountId}/users/{userId} | Updates user information


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.AccountSummary](docs/AccountSummary.md)
 - [Model.ActivityType](docs/ActivityType.md)
 - [Model.ApiError](docs/ApiError.md)
 - [Model.AssignableRoles](docs/AssignableRoles.md)
 - [Model.ClassicAdminToInvite](docs/ClassicAdminToInvite.md)
 - [Model.ClassicAgentToInvite](docs/ClassicAgentToInvite.md)
 - [Model.ClassicManagerPermissions](docs/ClassicManagerPermissions.md)
 - [Model.ClassicManagerToInvite](docs/ClassicManagerToInvite.md)
 - [Model.ClosingStatus](docs/ClosingStatus.md)
 - [Model.ContactSide](docs/ContactSide.md)
 - [Model.Country](docs/Country.md)
 - [Model.Currency](docs/Currency.md)
 - [Model.CustomData](docs/CustomData.md)
 - [Model.DependsOn](docs/DependsOn.md)
 - [Model.DesignatedOffice](docs/DesignatedOffice.md)
 - [Model.DesignatedRegion](docs/DesignatedRegion.md)
 - [Model.Document](docs/Document.md)
 - [Model.DocumentUser](docs/DocumentUser.md)
 - [Model.DocumentUserForCreate](docs/DocumentUserForCreate.md)
 - [Model.ESignAccountRoleSettings](docs/ESignAccountRoleSettings.md)
 - [Model.ESignPermissionProfile](docs/ESignPermissionProfile.md)
 - [Model.ESignPermissionProfileList](docs/ESignPermissionProfileList.md)
 - [Model.ExternalFormFillSession](docs/ExternalFormFillSession.md)
 - [Model.ExternalFormFillSessionForCreate](docs/ExternalFormFillSessionForCreate.md)
 - [Model.Field](docs/Field.md)
 - [Model.FieldConfiguration](docs/FieldConfiguration.md)
 - [Model.FieldData](docs/FieldData.md)
 - [Model.FieldDataForCreate](docs/FieldDataForCreate.md)
 - [Model.FieldDataForUpdate](docs/FieldDataForUpdate.md)
 - [Model.FieldSet](docs/FieldSet.md)
 - [Model.FinancingType](docs/FinancingType.md)
 - [Model.FormDetails](docs/FormDetails.md)
 - [Model.FormForAdd](docs/FormForAdd.md)
 - [Model.FormGroupSummary](docs/FormGroupSummary.md)
 - [Model.FormGroupSummaryList](docs/FormGroupSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.FormLibrarySummary](docs/FormLibrarySummary.md)
 - [Model.FormLibrarySummaryList](docs/FormLibrarySummaryList.md)
 - [Model.FormSummary](docs/FormSummary.md)
 - [Model.FormSummaryList](docs/FormSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.GlobalActivityTypes](docs/GlobalActivityTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalClosingStatuses](docs/GlobalClosingStatuses.md)
 - [Model.GlobalContactSides](docs/GlobalContactSides.md)
 - [Model.GlobalCountries](docs/GlobalCountries.md)
 - [Model.GlobalCurrencies](docs/GlobalCurrencies.md)
 - [Model.GlobalFinancingTypes](docs/GlobalFinancingTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalOriginsOfLeads](docs/GlobalOriginsOfLeads.md)
 - [Model.GlobalPropertyTypes](docs/GlobalPropertyTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalRoomContactTypes](docs/GlobalRoomContactTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalSellerDecisionTypes](docs/GlobalSellerDecisionTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalSpecialCircumstanceTypes](docs/GlobalSpecialCircumstanceTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalStates](docs/GlobalStates.md)
 - [Model.GlobalTaskDateTypes](docs/GlobalTaskDateTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalTaskResponsibilityTypes](docs/GlobalTaskResponsibilityTypes.md)
 - [Model.GlobalTaskStatuses](docs/GlobalTaskStatuses.md)
 - [Model.GlobalTimeZones](docs/GlobalTimeZones.md)
 - [Model.GlobalTransactionSides](docs/GlobalTransactionSides.md)
 - [Model.LockedOutDetails](docs/LockedOutDetails.md)
 - [Model.NullableFieldData](docs/NullableFieldData.md)
 - [Model.NullablePermissions](docs/NullablePermissions.md)
 - [Model.Office](docs/Office.md)
 - [Model.OfficeForCreate](docs/OfficeForCreate.md)
 - [Model.OfficeReferenceCount](docs/OfficeReferenceCount.md)
 - [Model.OfficeReferenceCountList](docs/OfficeReferenceCountList.md)
 - [Model.OfficeSummary](docs/OfficeSummary.md)
 - [Model.OfficeSummaryList](docs/OfficeSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.OriginOfLead](docs/OriginOfLead.md)
 - [Model.Permissions](docs/Permissions.md)
 - [Model.PropertyType](docs/PropertyType.md)
 - [Model.Region](docs/Region.md)
 - [Model.RegionReferenceCount](docs/RegionReferenceCount.md)
 - [Model.RegionReferenceCountList](docs/RegionReferenceCountList.md)
 - [Model.RegionSummary](docs/RegionSummary.md)
 - [Model.RegionSummaryList](docs/RegionSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [Model.RoleForCreate](docs/RoleForCreate.md)
 - [Model.RoleForUpdate](docs/RoleForUpdate.md)
 - [Model.RoleSummary](docs/RoleSummary.md)
 - [Model.RoleSummaryList](docs/RoleSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.Room](docs/Room.md)
 - [Model.RoomContactType](docs/RoomContactType.md)
 - [Model.RoomDocument](docs/RoomDocument.md)
 - [Model.RoomDocumentList](docs/RoomDocumentList.md)
 - [Model.RoomFolder](docs/RoomFolder.md)
 - [Model.RoomFolderList](docs/RoomFolderList.md)
 - [Model.RoomForCreate](docs/RoomForCreate.md)
 - [Model.RoomInvite](docs/RoomInvite.md)
 - [Model.RoomInviteResponse](docs/RoomInviteResponse.md)
 - [Model.RoomPicture](docs/RoomPicture.md)
 - [Model.RoomSummary](docs/RoomSummary.md)
 - [Model.RoomSummaryList](docs/RoomSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.RoomTemplate](docs/RoomTemplate.md)
 - [Model.RoomTemplatesSummaryList](docs/RoomTemplatesSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.RoomUser](docs/RoomUser.md)
 - [Model.RoomUserForUpdate](docs/RoomUserForUpdate.md)
 - [Model.RoomUserRemovalDetail](docs/RoomUserRemovalDetail.md)
 - [Model.RoomUserSummary](docs/RoomUserSummary.md)
 - [Model.RoomUsersResult](docs/RoomUsersResult.md)
 - [Model.SelectListFieldOption](docs/SelectListFieldOption.md)
 - [Model.SellerDecisionType](docs/SellerDecisionType.md)
 - [Model.SpecialCircumstanceType](docs/SpecialCircumstanceType.md)
 - [Model.State](docs/State.md)
 - [Model.TaskDateType](docs/TaskDateType.md)
 - [Model.TaskList](docs/TaskList.md)
 - [Model.TaskListForCreate](docs/TaskListForCreate.md)
 - [Model.TaskListSummary](docs/TaskListSummary.md)
 - [Model.TaskListSummaryList](docs/TaskListSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.TaskListTemplate](docs/TaskListTemplate.md)
 - [Model.TaskListTemplateList](docs/TaskListTemplateList.md)
 - [Model.TaskResponsibilityType](docs/TaskResponsibilityType.md)
 - [Model.TaskStatus](docs/TaskStatus.md)
 - [Model.TaskSummary](docs/TaskSummary.md)
 - [Model.TimeZone](docs/TimeZone.md)
 - [Model.TransactionSide](docs/TransactionSide.md)
 - [Model.User](docs/User.md)
 - [Model.UserForUpdate](docs/UserForUpdate.md)
 - [Model.UserSummary](docs/UserSummary.md)
 - [Model.UserSummaryList](docs/UserSummaryList.md)
 - [Model.UserToInvite](docs/UserToInvite.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="docusignAccessCode"></a>
### docusignAccessCode

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://account.docusign.com/oauth/auth
- **Scopes**: N/A

